[RA2 Ch3] Memory management (#2148)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter03.md

etc.), and the kernel features required to provide the isolation mechanisms
(cgroups, namespaces, filesystems, etc.) between the components.

<a name="3.2.1.3"></a>
#### 3.2.1.3 Memory and Huge Pages Resources Management

The Reference Model requires the support of Huge Pages in i.cap.018 which is supported by upstream Kubernetes ([documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-hugepages/scheduling-hugepages/)).

> For proper mapping of Huge Pages to scheduled pods, needed is to both have Huge Pages enabled in operating system (configured in kernel and mounted with correct permissions) and kubelet configuration. Multiple sizes of Huge Pages can be enabled like 2 MiB and 1 GiB.

Reviewer: suggest language simplification:
```suggestion
For proper mapping of Huge Pages to scheduled pods, both need to have Huge Pages enabled in the operating system (configured in kernel and mounted with correct permissions) and kubelet configuration. Multiple sizes of Huge Pages can be enabled like 2 MiB and 1 GiB.
```

> The Reference Model requires the support of Huge Pages in `i.cap.018` which is
> already supported by upstream Kubernetes. For some applications, Huge Pages

Reviewer 2: Removing a duplication:

```suggestion
For some applications, Huge Pages
```
